
Digital twin:
    Physical entities:
    Data ingestion and processing:
    Asset Management and models:
    Service Management:
    Twin Management and configuration:
    User Interaction and Control:


Digital twin:
    Data ingestion:
        Through Grafana.

    Data processing:
        Multiple possibilities.
        Some filtering for noise probably.
        Maybe some derivatives of pressure, ... .

    Services:
        How much pressure in the internal tank?
        Leak or no leak?
        Water usage or not?
        How much water usage?
        Low flow mode?

        Potentially different classifiers.
            Which Applience is being used?


    Monitors:
        Pressure in internal tank:
            Check if pressure inside internal tank is too low.
            If it is too low then send msg to technisian.

        Leakage detection:
            Check if the system thinks that there is a leak.
            If there is a presumed leak, then ask the user if they are using water.
                If the user is using water, this was a false positive and the model needs to be updated.
                If water is not being used, then a leak was detected and something should be done.

        Performance monitor:
            How much power is needed to provide the given flow and pressure?

    Predictive maintenance:
        When do we expect the internal tank to be empty?

        Check of pump performance:
            Check if the energy needed to provide a given pressure and flow has increased. If it is increased and the internal tank is at a reasonable level, then it might be the impeller that is damaged.

    Visualisation:
        Grafana

    Calibration:
        No feedback model:
            Capture sensor data over a time period.
            Use this as the calibration of the model.
            No feedback from the user to any given predicted leakage.

        Feedback model:
            Default configuration.
            When a leak is detected - notify the user and ask if water is being used. Use the answer to recalibrate the model in real time.


    Configuration:
        Sensitivity to leakages

        Lower bound for pressure in internal tank



